I think it was a gradual process for me
Weis enjoyed you know math and science
oh I started doing some kind of pre-med
requirements and advertently and then I
got a job at a hospital as a tech you
know then I decided maybe taking care of
people was more my party than taking
care of animals you know I thought about
being a veterinarian and so I decided to
kind of go ahead with my pre-med classes
a haven't regretted it and I always I
kind of came into medical school
thinking that I'd enjoy doing women's
healthcare surgery was the only other
thing that I liked OBGYN was my last
rotation and I was really hoping that my
instincts were going to be correct and
and they were and it's a great
combination long-term patient care and
still getting to be there for major life
events delivering you know a child and
then you get it I get it operate as well
so it's a really good variety I think
you know the most important component of
the patient-doctor relationship is
really you know listening on the
physician side really our job as
physicians I feel is to educate our
patients so they can make well informed
decisions and I think you want your
patients to understand that you have
their best interests at heart and why
you're doing those things and then they
can trust you
I'm sure everybody says their first
delivery coming you know for me my
favorite moments are usually those where
we have anticipated maybe there's some
sort of complication or a problem and
when you've been able to you know work
with different teams including different
specialties and had a good outcome for
your patient